i got a cousin he's 10. i said to him
what do you want to be when you get
older and he went oh
i want to be an influencer and i was
like ah
we failed because you read this term all
the time now that your influence
everybody wants to be influenced it's
the most diluted
word now because when i think of
influencers i think of people like you
know
greta fonberg elon musk
whoever invented stuffed crust pizza
like
proper influences and there's a big
difference i'll explain it there's a big
difference between a creator
and an influencer right there's a big
difference people forget this i'm not
religious
but i use biblical terms to explain it
right
god was a creator created the earth the
stars
the moon jesus
was an influencer
he didn't create anything but he really
promoted his dad's work
jesus was the o.g influencer
he had 12 people follow him everywhere
do you know how hard that is to do in
today's era i can't get 12 people to
reply to a whatsapp group chat
but jesus had 12. and they followed them
everywhere
in sandals
and i know by today's standards 12
that's not a lot but back then
mate that was blue tick worthy
it was humble as well wasn't it it was
humble with his influence you go on your
favorite social media accounts what do
they always do they always try and sell
you something don't they
i follow a lot of fitness accounts so i
get the fitness ones you know
use my discount code get 10 off on
protein toothpaste
but jesus was humble not once did he
ever use his influence to further his
carpentry business
it would have been easier as well oh you
want to follow the word of the lord
all right by this table
use discount code crucifix and
i can't believe we're still here for
this man can you believe it i thought
we'd be done with this
still here i'm at that point with the
government
listen i treat the government lockdowns
the same way i treat the end of a marvel
film
i'm like just because they're telling me
it's over
i better not move because there might be
a post-credit lockdown
i got into something during lockdown man
that i'd never
i'd never tried before until lut down
and i'm a big fan
red wine
never tried red wine before love it
don't ask me what kind of red wine it's
just red wine
in it big fat big here's what i've
learned about drinking red wine
right never read the label there's no
point
you know what i mean like the label they
always make it sound like you've got a
classier evening
planned like the fused aromatic spices
blend together to give you this
and then it gives you a suggestion it's
like this wine
goes well with lamb lamb
what kind of tuesday do you think i'm
having
yeah i hope this goes well with quavers
i miss a lot of things man during luck
down here's something i never thought
i'd miss
the music in nando's
don't miss the food i just missed
whatever that samba is